[engine] Add ability to load aliases from resources (#2492)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/tests-configuration.adoc

----
http.auth.password=ENC(WVnXhzG704KRZZFYL7hfpA4YoSm8V2F5eNXyr7CRYCichteHvNS3nB23zaI8CuLy)
----

> == User-defined aliases
> 
> VIVIDUS allows to define set of aliases for steps in JSON format and then use them in user stories.
> 
> === How to use user-defined aliases in VIVIDUS
> 
> . Select a step you want to create alias for, as an example let's take the following step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Steps aliases

VIVIDUS allows to define set of aliases for steps in JSON format and then use them in stories.

=== How to use steps aliases

. Select a step you want to create alias for, as an example let's take the following step:
```

+
.VIVIDUS step
[source,gherkin]
----
When I hover mouse over element located `$locator`
----

> . Create JSON file at `aliases/aliases.json` (example) path and add the following JSON containing one or more aliases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a new JSON file (for example, `aliases/aliases.json`) and put the following content with one or more aliases:
```

+
.aliases/aliases.json
[source,json]
----
[
    {
        "name": "When I hover mouse over element located `$locator`",

>         "aliases": [

Reviewer: use a single brackets notation within the example

            {
                "name": "When I place mouse pointer over web element located by `$locator`"
            },
            {
                "name": "When I hover mouse pointer over web element located `$locator`"
            }
        ]
    }
]
----

. Point the alias configuration property to an exact location or location pattern with the JSON files containing ailases:
+
[source,properties]
----

> bdd.configuration.alias-paths=aliases/aliases.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
engine.alias-paths=aliases/aliases.json
```
